feat: add hermes relayer plugin (#3)
ignite/apps: hermes/README.md

# relayer

`relayer` is a app developed for [Ignite CLI](https://github.com/ignite/cli).

> The app adds `ignite relayer` commands that allow launching new Cosmos blockchains by interacting with the Ignite Chain to coordinate with validators.
> 
> The app is integrated into Ignite CLI by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app adds `ignite relayer hermes` commands to allow IBC communication between two different blockchain apps using [Hermes relayer](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes).
```

## How to use

> - run both chain to be relayed.

Reviewer: Maybe we could use an upper case letter as the first letter for each one of the items, for example:

```suggestion
- Run both chain to be relayed.
```
